Bingli? Yes,
Go to the old Heiying city and call me,
Call me, call me, Mr. Ye, I will not marry you,
Why are you angry about divorce?
Still going to Laoheiying City?
Never mind you, just divorce Chen Xuan.
Then you are forcing me again,
Never mind, this time is different,
Mr. Yejia Guluo will definitely rise to the sky,
When I went to school, I couldn't withstand the violence of the Ye family and the Tomb family.
And he actually caught a cold and listened to the King of Heaven,
Even if the Ye family and the Tomb family let him go.
Jump to Master Changlou
You won't let her go either
That's right, I
Chen Xiong almost
I must try
so my daughter
You don't have to hold a dead hand anymore. You don't want it. Don't be slow, daughter.
You have to think about it. If you see him helping Mu Jia
You do everything right
Don't let him do more
do you do more talking do you
Just promise me to slow down my daughter
Can you see the situation
The Ye family is now on the market
Lord of Tenwang shop
That is Yi Feichong Tian borrowing and Chen Xiong
Helping Chongtian Wang must be common sense
It's agriculture tonight
Agriculture can't save you
Everyone in the Ye family is like a wolf now
Mr. Lu was angry there.
It's a great day to fly out of school
I gave me a good chance
how to say
I seem to be destined to die that day
You let me look at you, look at you, look at you
Who else do you think?
I tell the truth
Today, even if it is agriculture, it will not be lost.